Ask someone for their phone number.
Make a crow sound.
Show your browser history.
Do the tango.
Sing something.
Do 20 push-ups.
Do 30 squats.
Kiss on the cheek of the person on the left.
Bite the ear of the person on the right.
Eat half a lemon.
Pinch the next player.
Allow someone to draw something on your hand.
Do an impression of a cartoon character.
Do an impression of your crush.
Moonwalk around the room like Michael Jackson.
Demonstrate the best twerk in the world.
Act like a gorilla for one minute.
During the day, scare one of the participants in the game.
Show how a duck walks.
Boop someone.
Think of a poem about someone in the audience.
Draw a portrait of someone.
Address the audience with a New Year's presidential speech.
Turn to those present with a request to raise money for you for a new phone.
News. Tell the audience about the latest events taking place in the world.
Perform the dance of little ducklings, singing along yourself.
Imagine that the corridor is a podium. Do a fashion show. Camera flashes are welcome!
Imagine that you are a star, record your own clip on your phone's camera.
Rap about whatever comes to your mind first.
Have a thumb fight with the person sitting across from you.
Give a finger massage to the person sitting next to you.
Open any book on a random page, choose a word and show it with gestures without using words. The rest must guess it.
Tell a horrifying story.
Tell a shameful story from your life.
Tell a funny story from your childhood.
Offer a passerby to buy your panties.
Arrange all the participants in unusual poses, take a photo, and publish it.
Put two walnuts in your cheeks and sing a song.
Put two candies in your cheeks and sit like that for 10 minutes.
Stand on a chair and say any tongue twister out loud.
It's time to run around the tree and sing a song.
Walk on your hands (possible with support by the legs) to the nearest couple in love and wish them happiness.
Draw yourself a mustache and walk like this until the end of the evening.
Show a woman in hysterics.
Using facial expressions, depict 10 different emotions on your face.
You need to choose a victim and interrogate him/her about whether he/she eats at night.
Make a paper medal for each player. The name of the medals must correspond to the truth (for incomparable taste, honesty, etc.).
Feed every player from a small spoon.
Turn into a foreigner for 15 minutes. Choose any language and communicate only in it.
For 15 minutes, communicate only with gestures.
Go to the neighbors from above and bring half a kilogram of salt from them.
Go to the neighbors below and bring some sweets from them.
Juggle 3 raw eggs. In case of failure, remove all consequences.
Juggle 3 apples until your next turn.
Tell the player on the right what you thought of him when you first saw him.
Show how a pig behaves in a pigsty.
Sing a children's song with 3 matches in your teeth.
Say 10 times in different ways: “Oh, how lucky I am that I have such beauty!” looking in the mirror and not laughing.
Get on your knees and repent of the 3 most significant sins of this year.
Take a pen between your teeth and try to draw a tree.
Everyone stands in a row, and you need to guess each person with your eyes closed.
Call any random number and say in an excited voice: “I can’t go to the toilet!”.
Take two toothpicks in your mouth, arrange them like a walrus, take a photo and post it to any social network.
Call a friend and wish him a Happy New Year, even if it's summer.
Call a friend and wish her a happy birthday, even if it comes only six months later.
Say hello to 5 strangers by the hand, while saying: "It's very nice to meet you, I'm a king."
Pour flour into a plate, put candy in it, take it out without hands and eat it.
Ride around the house on a mop while whistling and waving a handkerchief.
During the day, put 2 tablespoons of salt in one of the players' drink.
During the day, put 3 tablespoons of sugar in one of the players' drink.
Smooth your hair back every 30 seconds for 15 minutes, sigh and say, "Yeah, tough situation..."
Draw stripes on your cheeks and crawl down the street for 50 meters, saying to all passers-by in a serious voice: "I'm looking for my tank."
Talk in a whisper for 10 minutes, saying: "Be quiet, please, I warn you, if the doctor wakes up, then nothing good awaits us."
Laugh differently 5 times.
Picture a stuttering news announcer.
Put some sweets in your mouth and say any tongue twister.
Depict a chicken that unexpectedly laid an egg.
Say 5 sentences beginning with "I want to..."
Say hello to each of those present in different ways, without repeating yourself.
Draw Santa Claus by taping a felt-tip pen to the little finger of your left hand with tape.
Draw a cat by taping a felt-tip pen to the ring finger of your left hand with tape.
Show the dance of passion with a broom.
Stand on a chair and tell in several sentences about your life.
You need to stand on a chair and change poses for a minute every 5 seconds, photos of poses are welcome.
Imagine that you are a special agent and interrogate the player on the right.
Choose your “twin” among the players and explain what you have in common.
Choose among the players the “complete opposite” of yourself and explain how you differ.
Talk about elephants for 1 minute.
Talk about desmans for 1 minute.
Yawn until you make someone else yawn.
Advertise any dish presented on the table.
Write your name in the air with your butt.
With your mouth open, try to pronounce the letter "P".
Depict a fish thrown ashore, be sure to beat your body on the floor.
Become a mirror. Everyone can look at you, you need to copy facial expressions and movements.
Make the most unusual cocktail from what is on the table, then drink it.
Stand in front of a mirror and confess your love as convincingly as possible.
Come up with a funny gossip about any of the players.
Show the skit "You must marry me" with the first girl you see.
Every 5 minutes for half an hour, wipe the lips of the neighbor on the right with a napkin.
Every 5 minutes for half an hour, shout into the ear of the neighbor on the left.
Cry in one corner of the room, laugh in another, yawn in the third, dance in the fourth.
For the next 10 minutes, answer any phrase of the players: “So what?”.
For 7 minutes, pretend to be a mosquito that sticks to everyone.
In one of the corners of the room, parody a pissing dog.
For 10 minutes, you need to come up with a rhyme for each last word in a sentence spoken by other participants.
For 5 minutes, mimic the neighbor on the left.
You need to get a balloon filled with helium. Breathe in helium and furiously prove to your neighbor opposite that Santa Claus exists.
You need to bass to prove to the player opposite that you are a fragile and delicate creature.
For 10 minutes, pretend to be a moody lady who constantly expresses her indignation.
Every hour until the end of the day, you need to shout loudly: “Coo-coo!”.
Sing a song that you associate with the player on the right.
Go out into the street and ask three passers-by with a serious expression: “Did a girl fly by on a broom here?”.
Play as a Jehovah's Witness and lure people into their ranks.
For half an hour, regardless of the situation, get up from the table, sigh and say out loud: “Oh, how bad it turned out.”
Play the pan as an African musician.
Extinguish the lit candle with a cry (you can’t blow it).
Wash one window in the room where you play.
Call any number and invite the interlocutor on a date.
You should be wrapped in toilet paper and so you need to sit for 5 minutes.
Eat a raw potato.
Pretend to be a mafia for 10 minutes.
Pretend to be a maniac for 10 minutes.
Your friends should find any crumbling food and eat it over your head.
Knock on your neighbors door and ask for salt.
During one round, suddenly scare one of the players.
Blow into the ear of the player on the right.
Lick the soap.
Tell the weirdest joke you've ever heard in your life.
Monobrow-time. You have to draw a unibrow, and so you have to sit for 20 minutes.
Promote this app on Instagram in stories.
Think of a poem about the most beautiful player.
Have a cry.
For 3 rounds, you need to laugh hysterically at each task or question from the player on the left.
Pretend to be a girl for 3 rounds.
Now the rest of the players can think of one task for you.
Now the rest of the players can think of one task for you.
Now the rest of the players can think of one task for you.
Now the rest of the players can think of one task for you.
Now the rest of the players can think of one task for you.
Sing any song in the subway car.
Dance in the subway car.
Swap any item of clothing with the player to your right.
Tape a basin or bowl to your back, crawl on all fours outside and pretend to be a turtle for 10 minutes.
Put some shaving cream on your face and ask the first guy you meet to teach you how to shave.
Sit on a bench on the street and loudly ask if you can spend the night here?
Approach a passer-by girl and offer to sit in ambush in the bushes together.
Ask people at the bus stop for toilet paper.
Talk about how much you want to go to the toilet. Be sure to show passion.
Come up with vulgar nicknames for everyone in the company.
Talk in a hoarse and rough voice for 15 minutes.
Talk in a calm and sexy voice for 15 minutes.
Eat a banana without hands.
Show your erotic eye.
Take a spoon and calm her down like it's your offended girlfriend.
Tell everyone one of your secrets.
Blogger-time. Promote a toilet brush on Instagram.
Until the end of the game, you need to erotically answer all incoming calls to all players.
When you want to go to the toilet, ask permission from everyone present.
Remember some commercial and try to parody it.
Take ketchup, mustard, mayonnaise and other seasonings, mix everything and eat it.
Put any player on your back and roll him around the room.
Take a balloon and inflate it until it bursts.
Ask a stranger for a loan of money.
Drink 2 glasses of water in one gulp.
Prepare delicious sandwiches for the whole company.
Call your mom or dad and tell them you got kicked out of school/university/work.
Take off all your clothes, put them inside out, and spend the whole evening like this.
Ask in a cafe for a free cup of coffee or beg someone to pay for you.
Take a fork and try to sell it to passers-by on the street for the highest price possible.
Take a shower without taking off your clothes.
Talk to the wall, pretending that it answers.
Depict everything that the other player tells you for several minutes.
Luckily, there will be no dare.
Luckily, there will be no dare.
Sit for one lap with no pants on.
Show your funniest photo.
Take a photo with the player in front of you.
Peel any fruit or vegetable while blindfolded without using your hands.
Emotionally tell any boring story.
Pour a glass of water over your head.
Glue palm-sized toilet paper all smeared with any sauce to your forehead.
Make a gift for mom or dad.
Bite on the shoulder of any of the players.
Buy something in the store and give it to someone who needs it.
Other players don't know what task you have, so you can come up with your own.
Imagine that you are reading a juicy story from the player's diary on the left. Come up with and say aloud what is written there.
Go to a public restroom and keep a record of who did what there for 5 minutes.
Find a volunteer and teach him how to kiss.
Bite the player nearby by the ear.
Stroke your head and say "I'm perfect".
Dance the waltz with the person in front.
Be quiet until your next turn.
Fulfill the wish made by the youngest in the company.
Answer calls with laughter throughout the game.
Walk down the hall dancing and singing Gangnam Style.
Think of a verse where the obligatory words should be: orange, elk, March cat, perch, burdock.
Push up on the floor until it's your turn to choose truth or dare.
Give makeup to the nearest girl.
Order pizza for everyone, only, when ordering, speak with a Caucasian accent.
Go outside with a dog leash and ask three people, "Have you seen my alligator?"
Each of the participants says one word, and you need to come up with a rhyme for it.
Say your name backwards. Did it work? Now say backwards the names of 3 other participants of your choice.
Other players blindfold you and you have to guess what kind of food or drink each of the participants gives you to try.
Say 5 sentences that begin with "I want..."
Jump on one leg, actively wave your arms and seriously shout "I'm a butterfly!".
With the help of posture, facial expressions or gestures, portray one of the players, and the rest of the players must guess who they are talking about.
Talk to everyone for 5 minutes and act like an old, toothless grandfather.
Make yourself a sandwich with what you have and eat it. All this must be done without hands.
Tell a funny story.
Show how good you are at the splits.
Hold your hands in the pockets of the player on the left for a minute.
Act like a cockerel, crow and flap "wings".
Tell a fun fact about one of the players.
Sit on the lap of the player who offered to play this game.
Try blowing up a balloon with your nose.
Confess who you like.
Now until the very end of the game you can not say the words "yes" and "no".
Do everything in slow-mo for 5 minutes.
Call your parents and tell them you love them.
Smile for 1 minute.
Take a selfie in front of the toilet and post it on Instagram.
In the next round, you complete the task or answer the question, along with the player who gets it.
Style your player's hair with kitchen items: a spoon or a clip.
Describe the appearance of the sky without using colors: blue, cyan, white.
Take a mouthful of water and say your name.
Stick out your tongue and, without putting it back in, confess your love to any player of the opposite sex.
Draw a face around your navel.
Sit for 30 minutes in an uncomfortable position.
After someone performs a dare or answers a question, clap your hands and praise that person.
Jump on your left foot and say the alphabet as fast as you can.
Clean the toilet with a toothbrush.
Collect signatures from strangers on a petition to protect the rights of rabid snails. On a piece of paper A4 write the heading: “I support the initiative to protect rabid snails in our city.” Next, you need to collect 10 signatures in a column.
Do a slow dance to a fast song.
Try licking your elbow while you sing a song.
Film your Michael Jackson moonwalk and post it to your Instagram story.
Voice the emotions of a plastic bag as it is filled with sweets, fish and trash.
In three minutes, make everyone present laugh.
Peel the banana with your toes.
Show off your best dance moves.
Play a joke on one of your family members.
Play the air guitar for one minute.
Keep your eyes closed until your next move.
Always smile until the end of the round.
Stand on your head for one minute.
Smear your face with peanut butter.
Have all the players give you a new hairstyle.
Like the first 15 posts in your Facebook News Feed.
Open the front door and howl like a wolf for 30 seconds.
Advertise yourself for a minute.
Put your socks on your hands. If you don't have your own, ask any of the players.
Loudly knock on the door to the neighbors and run away.
Sing a song from any Disney cartoon, and the rest have to guess its name.
Howl like a wolf for two minutes.
Put as many snacks in your mouth as you can at the same time.
Show off your secret talent.
Try to do the TikTok dance you see first.
Do somersault.
Let another player post any status on your social network.
Log in to Facebook and like every photo from the last year of the first person you see.
Try not to blink for as long as possible.
Take a selfie with some old trash in the background.
Shout out the first word that comes to your mind.
Post your oldest selfie from your phone to your Instagram Story.
Let someone tickle you and try not to laugh.
Until the end of the round, keep a cheerful grimace on your face.
Open a bag of snacks or candy with your mouth, no arms or legs.
Sit on a swivel chair and ask others to spin you for 30 seconds.
Let the player to your left draw on your face with a pen.
Wear a dirty sock like a glove.
Be the pet of one of the players until your next turn.
Let other players draw tattoos on your face with permanent marker.
Make eye contact with another player for 30 seconds.
Call your sweetheart right now.
Go outside and hug 5 trees for 30 seconds each.
Close your mouth and nose: try to say the letter "A" for 10 seconds.
Go out into a crowded street and stand like a statue for 15 minutes.
Until the end of the game, you can only walk backward.
Act like the worm.
Let another player make a hat out of toilet paper and you have to wear it for the rest of the game.
Try drinking a glass of water without using your hands.
Let other players mix up a fun food combination and try it out.
Make a stupid face and keep it that way until someone in the company laughs.
Go to the dog breeder and ask to pet the dog.
Show off an infectious laugh.
Push up 10 times.
Drink a spoonful of sunflower oil.
Swap socks with the player on the right.
Throughout the game, if someone laughs, mimic his laugh twice as loud.
Close your eyes and find the person sitting opposite by touch.
Try to reach the tip of your nose with your tongue.
Try to reach your elbow with your tongue.
Sit in the lotus position for 3 minutes.
Parody one of the partners in the game.
Go outside and shout: "I want herring!"
Now you will be blindfolded and given 3 objects in your hands, you need to guess what it is.
Show everyone what real snoring is.
Grunt loudly 3 times.
Show some trick.
Take a funny selfie and post it on Instagram.
Go to the kitchen and eat one of the foods that are not customary to eat separately (pepper, seasoning, herbs, raw potatoes, etc.).
Ride the player to your left on your back.
Go outside, run and scream: "My girlfriend has run away, please help!".
Parody any commercial of your choice.
Lick the hand of one of the players.
Show how you behave after a few glasses of wine.
For the rest of the game, after each completed thought, say the phrase "If you know what I mean."
For 30 minutes after each word, say "qua".
Parody a famous person.
Play a clip from your favorite movie.
Name 15 things that start with the letter "C" in this room.
Call an unknown number and offer to buy a refrigerator.
Do something that is your worst skill.
Paint the nails of the person on the right.
Show some skit, your fingers are the actors.
Make up in the style of the 80s, take a photo and put it on any social network.
Say a very long and instructive Caucasian toast.
Come up with and tell an alternative ending to the movie "Titanic".
Come up with and tell an alternative ending to your favorite movie.
Braid a "pigtail" to any girl from the company.
Make any guy from the company an unusual hairstyle before the end of the evening.
Speak with an accent all evening.
Move the coin with your nose across the table.
Confess to one of the participants your feelings without saying a word.
Show without words what you do at work (at school).
Give a back massage to a person with dark hair.
Give a head massage to the person with the shortest hair.
Cut the onion until your tears flow. Once that happens, make some drama.
Eat a small pack of chips in 1 minute.
Make any hairstyle for any girl.
Put on your high heels and sway your hips like you're on a model runway.
Go out to the balcony and shout 5 times: “People! I'll eat you!
Depict an athlete, and the rest of the players must guess the sport.
Show everyone how a drunk stripper behaves.
Paint 2 toenails on the person on the right.
For the rest of the day, discreetly take away the phone from one of the participants and do not return it until he starts to panic.
For the next hour, every 5 minutes, say: "Ku-ku."
Become a model for a lewd photoshoot with a soft toy.
Imagine that you need to sell the person sitting opposite. Make an advertisement with him.
For the rest of the day, you have to pose as Casanova.
Name 3 qualities for each player that you like about him.
For each player, name 3 qualities that annoy you about him.
Meet 15 people at the entrance, greet each one and say a compliment.
Offer the first girl you see on the street to run away together.
Drink all the alcohol that is poured into the glasses at the moment.
Eat any fruit without touching it with your hands.
Choose one girl from the company, imagine that you are in a club, you need to do everything so that she pays attention to you.
Decorate the player on the left with paints.
Drink a glass of wine through a pierced straw (make 2 punctures).
Within an hour, make sure that all glasses are filled to the brim, top up the necessary drinks on time.
Work like a pony on the playground and ride everyone on your shoulders.
Draw yourself a beard and sing a Conchita Wurst song.
Say a toast in an unknown language.
Kiss all the pets.
Act like a bully for the rest of the day.
In one minute, draw a portrait of the player on the right.
In 2 minutes, draw a caricature of the player on the left.
In the role of an astrologer, predict what awaits each of the participants in the next year.
Play as a fortuneteller and tell about the non-existent past of each of the players.
Peel and eat a banana without using your hands.
Explain convincingly to the participants why the player on the right deliberately forgot to wear underwear today.
Don't pronounce the letters "R", "L" and "O" for an hour.
Repeat all the words after the person sitting to your right for 30 minutes.
Put two toothpicks in your mouth, arrange them like a walrus, take a photo and post it on any social network.
Stick your head out the open window and shout loudly: "I see Turkey!"
Put a matchbox on your nose and try to take it off without using your hands.
Put a matchbox on your nose and try to take it off with the leg of a nearby player.
Attach 2 clothespins to your ears and sit like this for 10 minutes.
Put your face in a basin of water and say, "I am the captain of a submarine."
Take a pack of old newspapers, go outside and hand them out to passers-by, advertising their value.
Go to the dog breeder, stroke his dog, saying: "Now my fleas have run over to you."
Break the tangerine into slices, arrange it in a row across the room and eat it all without the help of your hands.
Cut an apple into slices, arrange it in a row across the room and eat it all without the help of your hands.
Tell the story "Snow White" from Snow White's point of view.
Take a ladle and a saucepan, go outside, knock the ladle on the saucepan and shout: “I want borscht!”.
Go outside, stand on a stump and stand like the Statue of Liberty for 5 minutes.
Go outside wearing any mask you can find and take a photo with 3 people.
Portray a singer who has forgotten the words and is trying to show with gestures what the song is about.
Do 10 squats with a book on your head while singing any famous song.
Go outside and "bury" an empty wine bottle (with all honors).
Give yourself a makeover using only red lipstick and go with that make up for the rest of the day.
While wearing boxing gloves, unwrap the candy and feed the player on the left.
Prepare scrambled eggs for all players.
From now on, you always have to ask permission if you want to go to the restroom.
Lick the table.
Lick the player on the right.
Make tea/coffee for all players.
Now the players must come up with a nickname for you and call you that until the end of the game.
Until the end of the game, you answer all incoming calls to all players.
Go outside and shout loudly "My ear is gone, help me!"
Eat a spoonful of sugar.
Dedicate a toast to the player on the left.
Dedicate a dance to the player on the left.
Drink half a liter of water in one gulp.
Go outside and ask passers-by for toilet paper.
You are the source of endless rumble - sneeze, drop things, cough, speak loudly for 3 minutes.
The person sitting to your left has to make up your lips.
Do not say this task out loud. Choose one player and make eye contact for 2 rounds. Do not be distracted!
Gently hold the player's right hand for 5 minutes.
Get under the table and sit there for 10 minutes.
Be the photographer. Take 10 photos of your company as a keepsake.
You need to find 3 raw eggs and juggle them. In case of failure, remove all consequences.
Style the hair of one of the players with three kitchen items: a spoon, a clip, a spatula.
Record a song and publish the result in one of the social networks.
Find some deputy of your city on Instagram and write him a comment under the last photo: “It seems to me that our city lacks ugly monuments.”
Dance for 60 seconds to the song that your friends have chosen for you.
Take a selfie with 5 strangers on the street.
Eat a whole chocolate bar in 30 seconds.
Jump on your left foot and say the alphabet as fast as you can.
Speak with a foreign accent for the next 5 minutes.
Videotape your Michael Jackson moonwalk and post it to your Instagram story.
Sell your favorite toy to the player sitting next to you, convincingly proving how useful it is to him.
Voice the emotions of a plastic bag when it is filled with sweets, fish, garbage.
For the next 15 minutes, whenever someone speaks, interrupt him with the words: "I doubt it."
Another player writes a word on your forehead. You need to guess this word. For each wrong attempt to guess it, the other player must pinch you.
Use the belly of the person on the right as a drum and play tribal music.
Knock loudly on your neighbors and run away.
Put your socks on your hands. If you don't have your own, borrow from any of the players.
Hug the person in front.
Come up with a dare for the player on the right.
Sit on the floor for the rest of the evening.
Block five followers on Instagram. Name them.
Call your loved one.
Call a family member of someone in the room and explain why you love that person so much.
Tell a girl passing by that you love her.
Describe someone in the group and the rest have to guess who it is.
Have the player to your left give you a new haircut for the rest of the game.
Go outside and wink at the first person you see.
Post the oldest selfie on your phone to your Instagram story.
Rotate the imaginary hula hoop until the end of the round.
Open a bag of snacks or candy with your mouth without using your hands or feet.
The player to your left must draw on your face with a pen.
Make a ring out of your hands over the trash can. Ask the other members of the group to try throwing trash through your ring.
Be another player's pet until your next turn.
Let other players draw tattoos on you with permanent markers.
Connect with your loved one right now.
Go up to a random girl on the street and ask her out on a date.
Write "Free Hugs" on your face and walk down the street with your arms outstretched.
Go up to at least 5 different people on the street and give them high fives.
For the rest of the game, you have to walk backwards.
Eat a raw onion.
Name famous people who are similar to every player in the room.
For the next 15 minutes, everything you say should sound like a baby's speech.
Ask any girl on the bus if she wants to sit on your lap.
Take off your T-shirt/sweater erotically.
Do a striptease on all fours.
Take the kettle in your hands and in the role of an advertising agent advertise it as an object for sexual games.
Get out on the balcony in your underpants and sing the chorus of whatever song you last listened to.
Invite the first person who enters the room on a date (it doesn't matter if it's a man or a woman).
Kiss on the lips of the first person who enters the room.
Go to a neighbor's house and start a conversation with a stranger about puberty for five minutes.
Turn on the song you love making love to the most.
Bite an adjacent player on any part of the body.
Make a toast using only words beginning with the letter "A".
Grab a stranger by the sleeve and shout: “I definitely saw you, you sold me a defective jacket! It's a women's jacket!
Go to the store in pajamas and slippers and buy some pepper.
Go to the store in pajamas and slippers, ask for salt, because you are craving salty.
Go up to any girl on the street and ask: "Are you a hot thing?".
Ask the first girl you see on a date.
Erotically eat strawberries.
Erotically eat a banana.
Have a drink with any of the Brudenschaft players.
Describe your first sexual experience.
Offer a passerby girl to eat ice cream.
Choose any girl from the company and go with her to the sex museum.
Offer the first girl you meet to jump with a parachute.
Apply cream to the player on the right and lick him.
Pour sour cream into a plate and draw the sun with your tongue.
You need to erotically suck lollipop until you eat it.
Pretend to be drunk, join a passer-by girl and faint.
Give a foot massage to the person sitting opposite.
Approach someone on the street and growl passionately in his ear.
Go outside in flippers, find a puddle, jump and shout: "I'm a duck, I'm in a puddle!"
Go outside with a pillow and ask the first person you meet to spend the night.
Advertise your girlfriend in such a way that everyone wants to be in your place.
Other players do not need to know the task. Talk about your car with an intimate message (For example: "I didn’t get off it for days, I liked to touch it...").
Other players do not need to know the task. Talk about wine with an intimate message (For example: "Every time you're in me, I get hot...").
Act like a seller of rubber products, present your product.
Choose one person from the company, attach a bag to his belt, which will contain a chicken egg. And your task is to break the egg without using your hands.
Choose one girl from the company and kiss her on the lips during the day.
Ask a passerby girl if you can taste her lipstick.
If you have a beard, shave it right now, and if not, don't shave for a week.
Go into the store in a gauze bandage, coughing, say out loud: "Oh, that swine flu!"
Draw a few red spots on your face, go to the supermarket and say out loud: "Oh, that measles!".
Come to the library, pretend that you are reading a book, sigh loudly and say: "Yes, it turns out that I can not think about sex...", get up and leave.
Do not show the task to the players. Find on the Internet a photo of an ugly girl with pumped lips, say that you spent the night with her and talk about her skills.
Sit next to a girl on public transport, moan softly every 2 minutes and pretend to be holding on so as not to pass out.
Call one of your friends, tell about the fact that you began to notice other guys looking at you, ask for advice. Be very serious.
Call your father, tell him that older women have begun to attract you, ask for advice.
Send a declaration of love to the seventh people in your phone book. The confession must contain a minimum of 100 words.
Go up to a stranger, introduce yourself as an Avon distributor, offer him to buy a new product - Narcissus men's mascara.
Go out to a crowded place with a sign that says "Married but available, call the number...". Complete the task within 15 minutes.
Imagine that your right hand is a man and your left hand is a woman. You need to show them how they make love. Actions must be accompanied by sounds.
Treat the player on the left with an orange slice, biting it lightly with your lips. The player must accept it.
Call an unknown number and have sex on the phone.
Describe your most explicit sexual fantasy. Don't overlook any details. The story must be at least 5 sentences.
Slap on the bottom of all the girls from the company.
Go to a private room, take off your underwear and don't wear it for the rest of the day.
Go to the station and ask for a ticket in the ass.
Take out the strawberries with your lips from the saucer in which the cream is poured. Then lick your lips passionately.
Massage the buttocks of the person opposite.
Describe a funny incident in your life that happened during sex.
Look at the girl sitting closest to you, and say 5 sentences that will begin with the words: "I am turned on by your ...".
Show the most difficult pose for you Kama Sutra alone.
Shave your leg.
Stand in the middle of the street and shout 3 times: "All incoming are free!".
Take a chocolate candy and pass it around with your lips. A kiss on the lips of a person in whose mouth it will melt.
Put on a bra, sit in it for half an hour and talk about how you feel.
Show the body part you are most proud of.
You need to fake an orgasm so that everyone thinks it's real.
Choose a partner from the group and play any role play with her.
Tie your left hand to the right foot of the player on the left, you need to make a cocktail together.
Within three minutes, quickly answer any questions from other players.
Imagine that you are a web model, your task is to seduce a girl online.
You need to do a slow dance on a paper napkin with the person sitting across from you. You can’t get off the napkin during the dance.
Scare 5 people by sneezing loudly next to their ear.
You need to dress up as a gypsy baron and dance a gypsy dance in a crowded place.
Collect on the face, as well as on other parts of the body, as many lipstick marks as possible.
You need to compose a vulgar fairy tale for adults and tell it in detail to everyone present.
You need to describe in detail in which role-playing game you see the girl sitting closest to you, and why this particular image suits her the most.
Imagine that you come home and see a naked girl on your bed. Show a sketch of your next steps.
Hug as many players as you can at one time.
Sit on the knees to the third player of the opposite sex from the right, wiggle and jump on him.
Ask for help from one of the girls in the company and show the most unusual position in which you had to have sex.
You need to repeat the phrase that turns you on during sex every 2 minutes for 20 minutes.
Look at the girl on the left and give her a sexual compliment.
Show your face during orgasm.
Show all players the latest photo on your phone.
Treat all the players with a drink.
Tell the most embarrassing story of your life.
Until the end of the game, make an erotic sound after each question/task.
Take the player's phone on the right and take a photo of your nipple. The photo is not required to be shown.
The rest of the players have to make you up the way it was fashionable in the 80s.
Surprise all players with an unusual sex story.
Sit on the splits, or at least try.
Post on Instagram a photo of the person on the right/left and sign "This is my new girlfriend"
Show the contents of your backpack/bag.
One of the players has to pour water from a glass onto your face.
Take off your underwear and stay like this until the end of the game. The rest of the clothes can be on you.
Remove the sock of the player sitting next to you with your teeth.
Swap shirts with the player sitting next to you.
Confess your feelings to the girl you like.
Post a photo of the person you have feelings for on Instagram.
Do a striptease on the table.
Find a stranger and ask him for a phone number. After that, call for phone sex.
Give your underpants to the player sitting next to you.
Make a random call to someone in your phone book.
Talk non-stop for five minutes.
Give high five to everyone you see in the next 5 minutes.
Write an SMS with the words "I love you" and send it to 5 people from your phone book.
Call the university (at work) and say that tomorrow you will skip.
Choose any bench, spread a newspaper on it and loudly ask passers-by if you can spend the night here.
Text your girlfriend that you are spending the night at a friend's place.
Don't brush your teeth all day tomorrow.
Show how a naughty child behaves in the store.
Get on your knees and repent of one sin.
Do your makeover with the food you have in the kitchen.
Hold your hands in the pockets of the player on the right for a minute.
Lick your lips sexy while looking at the player on the left.
Just eat something without using your hands.
Show your naked belly.
Kiss someone of the same gender as you on the cheek.
Call McDonald's and ask where the nearest kebab is?
Put your hand in the toilet for ten seconds.
Do the can-can.
Speak only Chinese for 2 rounds, even if you don't know it.
You are tired. Lie down on the knees of the neighbor on the right for one round.
Mix any 2 liquids from the refrigerator and drink it.
Give your neighbor a head massage (if there are neighbors on both the left and right, do both in turn)
Show something unusual with your body.
The next time you want to go to the toilet, take any participant with you.
Tickle the player on the right for a minute.
Buy something in the store and give it to someone who needs it.
Buy a meal for the cutest person here.
Drink a beer from a condom.
Turn on the song you would like to have sex to.
With cold hands, touch the body of the player opposite.
Erotically walk down the corridor.
Buy and give a stranger a bouquet, saying a compliment at the same time.
Come up with a task for the player on the left.
Think of a task for the player on the right.
Type a love letter to a girl with your eyes closed.
Give a five-minute inspirational speech on the topic: "Why did I fall in love with my girlfriend and why do I continue to love?"
Choose any player and try to lift him with your hands.
Be honest about the first impression that the participant on your right made on you.
Walk up to each player and give them a hug.
Kiss everyone present regardless of gender, including pets.
You need to act like a snake, for example, a cobra. Crawling on the floor, hissing, squirming and biting!
Now you are a wizard and must fulfill one wish of each player. Of course, desires must be achievable.
All players take turns slapping your butt.
Beg on the street for the amount of $1.
If you've ever pooped in the woods, do 10 squats.
Until the end of the game, when someone gets a call, you have to moan erotically in the background.
Find the player with the nicest hair scent.
Write to the fifth person among your subscribers - "Do you want to participate in group sex?"
Get as many lip prints on your face as you can.
Choose the one who should tickle you now.
Until the end of the game, you can no longer touch your phone.
One of the players should draw you a mustache.
Compliment a stranger.
Try to sell your shoes, it doesn't matter to whom.
Wet your pants and take a walk down the street like that.
Unzip your fly and sit like this until the end of the game.
Eat a boiled egg with chocolate.
Tell everyone on Instagram about one of your secrets.
Find some deputy of your city on Instagram and write him a comment under the last photo: "It seems to me that there are not enough brothels in our city."
If during the week you did not give your girlfriend flowers, now you will do this for three days in a row.
Buy condoms at the pharmacy with the phrase “Tell me, which ones are more suitable for grandfathers? The nursing home was asked to buy.”
Apply shampoo to your head and do not rinse it off for twenty minutes.
Make a mixture of cocoa with a raw egg and drink in one gulp.
During the next three questions, tell everyone that your case was much more interesting and be sure to tell about it (you can lie).
Take off any item of clothing.
Sing the chorus of your favorite song.
Scratch behind the ear of the guy sitting next to you.
Call the watch shop and find out what time it is.
Rate everyone in this room on a scale of 1 to 10.
Fill your mouth with cookies and try to whistle.
Make a hat out of toilet paper, take a photo - and post the photo on Facebook.
Update your status on any of the social networks using only your elbows.
Blindfold yourself, open the refrigerator, and blindly point to any product. The rest should feed you this.
Call a friend from an unknown phone and ask with an accent if he has mosquitoes for sale? The answer should be through speakerphone.
Peel the potatoes with your teeth.
Call the car wash and say that you urgently need to wash 15 people.
Call an SMM agency and say that you want to promote a Youtube channel where you interview homeless people.
Show everyone your most embarrassing photo.
Crack two eggs on your head.
Try pronouncing the alphabet with a burp.
Color your teeth with a lipstick.
Make a face mask out of wet toilet paper.
Shave your legs.
Go out and hug 5 trees for 30 seconds each.
Glue chewing gum to the ends of your hair.
Draw a rabbit on the face with lipstick. Don't look in the mirror though.
Say a compliment to each participant.
Write your phone number in pen on the person to your left.
Demonstrate the walk of Michael Jackson or Conor McGregor.
Slap your bum for 30 seconds.
Hug the person next to you tightly, and do not let go throughout the round.
Brush the teeth of the player opposite.
Throughout the game, call the neighbor on the left daddy or mommy.
Allow one of the players to post something on your behalf in any of the social networks.
3 people have to kiss you on the cheek and you have to guess who it was.
Stay like a flamingo next round.
Take funny joint selfies with each of the players.
Make the tik-tok in the bathroom.
Say two nice things about everyone present.
Dance without music for 1 minute.
Crack an egg on your head.
Sing the national anthem.
Get into a plank position and stand as long as you can.
Say the entire alphabet backward.
Put a whole spoonful of salt in your mouth.
Allow everyone to send any message through your Instagram account.
Hold 3 ice cubes in your mouth until they melt.
Put as many snacks in your mouth as possible and chew them.
Make everyone in the group smile, and keep going until everyone smiles.
Let two players make you "Wet Willy" at the same time.
Drink a small cup of drink prepared by all players.
See how long you can sit still without moving.
Bend over so that you look between your legs. In this way, walk back across the room.
Smell the pepper and try not to sneeze.
You need to sing until your next turn.
All players should lick your nose.
Put an ice cube under your shirt and sit still for 30 seconds.
Walk down the street alone and talk loudly to yourself.
Close your mouth and nose and try to say the letter "A" for 10 seconds.
Brush your teeth with peanut butter or something similar.
Find 5 random people on the street and wish them Happy New Year.
Call a random number and say "I need help with the body."
For the next hour, use only sign language.
Put three ice cubes in your mouth (you can’t chew, you need to let them melt - brrr).
Try putting an egg in your mouth for a few minutes without breaking it. Be sure to wash it before.
Dance macarena in a crowded place.
Knock on your neighbor's door and ask if you can park your helicopter under their window?
Ask a stranger for a pregnancy test, if she says that she doesn’t have one, tearfully beg to buy a test at the nearest pharmacy.
Put black nylon tights on your head, go to the store and then just buy some bread.
Ask people at the bus stop for a couple of condoms.
Swim with any person from the players in the fountain.
Offer passers-by to buy your socks.
Kiss a girl you don't know.
Ask the first girl you like on a date.
Go out into the street in women's clothes and scream with a woman's voice: "I'm ready for anything for the iPhone!".
In one of the social networks, place a post with the following content: "I sell manure, with home delivery, phone number...".
Perform a striptease with any item from home.
Learn a vulgar verse and tell it to the first person you meet.
The girl to your right is holding an orange half between her legs. You must eat the orange as erotically as possible without the help of your hands.
Pretend to be drunk as you walk past police officers.
Various fruits and vegetables are alternately placed on the chair. You need to guess all these products blindfolded. You can only touch fruits and vegetables with your butt.
Hold an oblong-shaped balloon between your legs. Turn the girl with her back to you and fit in behind. Perform various movements until the ball bursts.
Get smeared from head to toe with various products of dark tones and go to the neighbors from below. Tell them that the sewers have burst from above and soon they will have a flood.
You need to put on makeup, take a selfie and put it on your profile picture on any social network for a week.
Put on nylon tights under your shorts and walk like that all day.
Burp loudly in public.
Write with lipstick on any single man's car: "I felt good with you...".
Put on a women's swimsuit and sit like this until the end of the game.
Bring and serve treats to the rest of the participants. You should only wear an apron. Turn around and go back to the kitchen.
Put all your clothes inside out and go to the store for a lollipop.
Take a sexy photo and show it to the person on the left.
Show your erotic photo to the person on the right, if not, take it now and show it.
Write a letter of erotic content and hand it to the first person you meet.
Take the cat and go to the bus stop. When the bus doors open, let the cat into the passenger compartment and say: "Barsik, when you get there, call". Just don't forget to take him back.
Imagine that you are in a brothel. The player on the right is the boss in this establishment. You need to talk about your preferences.
Draw a heart with lipstick on the chest of the girl sitting opposite you.
Imagine that you are reading a juicy story from the player's diary across from you. Come up with and say aloud what is written there.
Without using your hands, remove two pieces of clothing from the person opposite.
Show the player on the left your underwear.
You will need a helium balloon. Get out on the balcony, inhale the helium and tell everyone about your most attractive parts of the body.
The player on the right has to hold an inflated balloon between his legs. Your task is to bite through it.
Go to any social network and write a vulgar sentence to any person of the opposite sex. Other players must form this set.
Swap one item with the player opposite you.
Knock on the window of an apartment building and ask for a glass of wine.
Watch the porn movie with the player on the right.
Make 3 kids of different ages laugh outside.
During the day, choose one of the girls in the company and unbutton her bra.
Give a French kiss to the navel of the girl opposite.
Call your neighbors from an unknown number and arrange phone sex.
Play with the nipple of the person on the right.
Take a marker in your mouth and try to draw something on some player's body.
You need to take any drink into your mouth and pass it through a kiss to the girl sitting closest to you.
Call the 10th person on your contact list and ask how to give a blowjob the right way.
Call the 5th person on your contact list and ask how to find the G-spot.
Eat the melting chocolate from the chest of the girl on the left.
Retire with the player on the left for ... minutes and get busy with ... Fill in the missing words and complete the task.
You saved the girl in front of you during the storm. Give her artificial respiration.
The girl on the right writes a message on your back with her tongue. You have to guess what she wrote.
Make a non-standard massage to any of the players. You can use any item.
Teach the player on the left to kiss.
Use your mouth to unzip the pants of the girl sitting opposite.
You need to whisper a vulgar phrase into the ear of each of the players. All phrases must be different.
The player on the right draws whatever comes to his mind on your chest with a marker.
Take half a tomato or a peach and show how to properly satisfy a girl through oral sex, while commenting on each of your actions.
Record a video lesson on how to kiss a girl so that she wants to continue. Post this video to any social network for 24 hours.
Explain in detail how to use contraceptives. Show it in practice using your fingers.
Go to the supermarket, get a washcloth and shower gel, and yell loudly, "Can someone rub my back?"
Take a shower with the person on the right. You must be in your underwear.
Choose any girl from the company. She lies on a flat surface with her back down, arms at her sides, legs together. You need to put the apple closer to the girl's feet and roll it with your nose to the other end of the partner's body without touching her with your hands.
Do a slow dance alone in a public place.
Choose a girl from the company. She needs to sit on a chair and put a bottle with a narrow neck between her legs. You must be blindfolded and without the help of hands insert a straw into the bottle. You can only use the girl's hints.
Take the biggest lollipop and suck it greedily in front of passers-by.
The girl to your left should be holding the balloon at chest level. You have to bite through it without using your hands.
Run down the street with a pillow on your head and shout: "I'm Napoleon!" within 7 minutes.
Go outside and loudly congratulate everyone on the New Year.
Brush your teeth with soap.
Make a marriage proposal to any passer-by girl and explain why you are so good and why she should agree.
Erotically count the heartbeats of the girl on the left, putting your hand to her chest.
Ask a passing girl to help you choose men's underwear.
Compliment any part of each player's body and kiss them there. Body parts should not be repeated.
Lick the navel of the girl opposite.
Gently kiss and bite the neck of the girl on the right.
Call an unknown number and ask the person on a date.
Call any phone number and offer Santa Claus sex services for a plate of Olivier.
Whisper in the ear of the neighbor on the left what you would do to her. If she agrees, turn your thoughts into reality.
Imagine that you are a police officer, punish the girl opposite for speeding.
Call any pizzeria and order a pizza, like in the cartoon with the Ninja Turtles.
For the whole store, confess to the saleswoman in love.
Take a picture of your "friend" and send it to an unknown number.
Throw your underwear off the balcony.
Any of the players must drip the wax into your navel.
Approach a passer-by and offer to ambush in the bushes.
Sound any movie "18+"
Push a coin with your nose from one corner of the room to another.
You should lie like a starfish on the ground near a convenience store or other crowded place and look at the stars for 5 minutes.
Ask a stranger where babies come from.
Shout out the window "My girlfriend is on her period!"
Press your cheek against the person on the left for one round.
Warmly hug the person next to you. Stay like this for 5 minutes.
Show everyone what real snoring is!
Choose a player and become his slave for 5 minutes.
Ask a passerby for a cigarette and throw it on the ground and trample it.
Sit on a stranger's lap and sit there for at least 2 minutes.
Depict everything that the other player tells you for several minutes.
Surprise everyone with a belly dance.
Take a selfie with the booty of one of the players and post it on any social network.
Show everyone your underwear.
Parody one of the players.
Kiss the one who enters this room first.
Ask the girl from the company for a bra and try it on.
Call your ex-girlfriend and tell her you're still crazy about her.
Borrow $100 to one of the players and don't ask for a refund.
Give everyone your phone so everyone can read your messages.
Eat cake blindfolded.
Order a pizza, and when they bring it, refuse.
Write a letter to the person you hate and send it to him.
Kiss someone of the same gender as you.
Tell a nasty story and use as many dirty words as you can.
Surprise one of the players with a lap dance.
Give a foot massage to a player of your choice.
Kiss on the cheek of all the women present.
Take an erotic selfie and show it to the girl in blue.
Kiss all the ideal body parts of the girl opposite.
Unbutton the bra for a girl with bright eyes.
Call a random number and sexy moan into the phone for 10 seconds.
Take an erotic photo of one of the players of your choice.
Talk about sexual topics with another player of your choice.
Show where your erogenous zones are.
Show your latest message on some social network that other players choose.
Moan very loudly for no reason.
Imagine that you are a journalist and interrogate the player on the left.
Remove the shirt from a player of the opposite sex that the other participants have chosen for you, without using your hands.
Call a pizza delivery man and show him your ass.
Lick the earlobe of the player on the right.
Make horny any player of the opposite sex.
Drink a beer from a condom.
Prove that you fell in love with your friend for half an hour to any person.
The next player can pass his dare to you, and you definitely need to complete it.
The next player can pass his question to you, and you definitely need to answer it.
Try something (shorts/jeans) without underwear in the store.
Swipe your hand sexually across the cheek or neck of the player on the right.
On your knees, beg one of the players to bite your ass.
Act as a consultant in a sex shop. The player on the left is the buyer.
Do as many push-ups as you have masturbated this week.
You get into a doggy position and the player of the opposite sex must stand behind you and do any action with your back part.
Sit on the knees of a player of the opposite sex, wiggle and jump on them.
Choose an object for dancing (a girl or a guy), if you wish, you can remove 1 or 2 things, dance a striptease for a minute.
Bite lightly on the ear of the player to your left.
Pretend to be a drunk and flirt with the first player of the opposite sex to your right.
Play a stripper who just got drunk and is trying to dance.
Slap on the butt of all the female participants.
Go to the restroom and take off your underwear, and don't put it back on until you leave.
Play passion for 30 seconds.
"Frank look". Undress the player of the opposite sex on the left with your eyes.
Order a dildo in the online store.
Write in your Instagram profile that you managed to invent a cure for impotence.
Name 10 names of popular porn actresses.
Find two pieces of ice and put them in your panties for 30 seconds.
Show everyone your muscles.
Bite the hairiest player on the ear.
Come up with a new sex position and try to portray it.
Watch the video "How to do prostate massage".
Show off oral sex by voluptuously licking and kissing the bottle.
Take off one piece of clothing that the other players tell you to.
Each player must draw a vulgar drawing on your hands.
The next time you feel like farting, you have to do it very loudly.
Read aloud the last message you received.
Stick your finger in the toilet.
Clean the shoes of all present.
Find absolutely any buff guy on Instagram and write him a comment under the last photo: "Is it true that buff guys have a little one?"
Write a love letter to any girl.
Call the restaurant and reserve a table for yourself and your friends.
Call a mutual friend and confess your love to him.
Ask for a phone number from the first person you meet on the street/in a bar.
Read aloud the correspondence with one of the participants in the game.
Act like a dog and ask others to pet you.
Crack an egg on your head.
Work as a waiter and serve every person in the room. Don't forget to check if you liked everything.
Tell a bad joke in a very excited voice.
Smell the armpits of the person on the left.
Tearfully beg the person sitting on the right not to leave you for the person on the left.
Take a bar of soap out of the bath and run a compelling ad campaign about its benefits over a whole bar of soap.
Go to the kitchen and rearrange the contents of the closet strictly alphabetically.
Call the golf club and say that you want to rent the entire golf course to surprise the girl.
Call the local swimming pool and say you want to organize a fat swimming tournament.
Crack two eggs on your head.
Until the next round, speak as loudly as if no one can hear you.
Post a really long and serious Facebook post declaring your love for chocolate.
Call a Chinese restaurant and ask if they have sushi.
Wet your socks and freeze them.
Slick mayonnaise off any player's toe.
Someone has to lick the peanut butter, chocolate sauce, or whipped cream off your finger, cheek, or wherever you choose.
Call everyone Mysia for 20 minutes.
With closed eyes, kiss the player you like below the belt.
Bite every player on the butt.
Dance a strange dance in front of the whole company.
Read the last 3 messages in the Instagram direct.
Invite anyone present on a date. This shouldn't be a joke date. You definitely need to go for it if the person agrees.
Throughout the game, call the neighbor on the right daddy/mommy.
Take water in your mouth. Everyone has 2 minutes to make you laugh.
Kiss with the pillow until it's your turn again.
Choose two players to kiss on the cheek when they meet within 1 week.
Spin around 12 times and try to walk in a straight line.
Speak in a child's voice for 2 minutes.
Each of the players can make you a "Wet Willy".
Put an ice cube in your pants and let it melt.
Give a stranger $5.
You are blindfolded and then tickled for a minute.
Insert at least one swear word in every sentence for the rest of the game.
Let someone log into one of your online dating profiles and use it for 3 minutes however they want.
Make a sandwich with your hands tied behind your back and eat it.
Send a dirty message to the last person in your phone book.
Say two honest sentences about each of the players.
After the players choose one rude word, sing a song and insert that rude word once on each line of the song.
Call the third contact on your phone and sing them 30 seconds of a song the players will choose. No additional conversations.
Push up until you can't do it anymore, wait 5 seconds, and then do another push-up.
Let someone make you a smoothie with milk and kitchen spices/sauces and you have to drink it.
Make eye contact with a random person and hold it for at least 30 seconds.
Show everyone the dirtiest message on your phone.
Play a prank on your dad or mom on the phone.
Choose one player and repeat everything he says until he gets mad.
Show all players your latest selfie.
Order a pizza and pay the delivery man with the smallest coins.
Tell jokes until you make every player laugh.
Write a Facebook post about your feelings and make it very long and dramatic.
Choose the third contact in the phone book and send him the most stupid poem.
Walk up to a random person on the street and say "I knew it was you!"
Call a random phone number and ask if they'll lend you $100.
Sing to a colleague on the phone.
Talk and act like a celebrity until everyone guesses who you are (this can take a few turns)
Tie your shoelaces together with another person and walk down the hallway together.
Post the oldest selfie on your phone to your Snapchat or Instagram story.
Put a tampon in your nose and sit like that for 15 minutes.
You have to be in a thong all day.
Collect as many lip prints as possible on your body.
Play with the breasts of the girl opposite.
Kiss and bite the lips of the girl opposite.
Arrange "dirty dances" with the girl opposite, tightly clinging to her with your whole body and passionately kissing her lips.
Blindfold the girl on the left, take a brush and paints, with smooth movements draw on her chest everything that your imagination conceals.
Change your social media status to "I can't stand this anymore, I need some dirty sex!"
Choose any girl from the company and let her strip you down to your underwear without using her hands.
Lick the bottom lip of the girl on the right.
Choose any girl from the company and lock yourself in the bathroom with her for 5 minutes. You must perform as many actions with each other as possible.
Write a message with the text: "Sorry, I scratched your car" and send it to your boss.
Depict a situation when you are caught masturbating.
Leave a hickey on any guy's neck.
Bite on the nipple of the player on the right.
Run up to the girl on the street and lift her skirt.
Run to the nearest store in your underwear only.
Lock yourself in the closet with the player on the right for 10 minutes, you must be in your underwear. How to manage this time is up to you.
Have oral sex with the girl you like, but only if she agrees.
Try masturbating in a public place.
Go up to a stranger and say: “Hello, I really miss sex, can you help me?”
Take half a peach, go outside and give a lecture on how to properly satisfy a girl through oral sex.
In public, talk in detail about how to use contraceptives. Show it in practice using your fingers.
Run 3 laps around the house completely naked.
Advertise some sex toy on the street.
Offer to make love to the first person of the opposite sex.
Offer to go on a date to the first passerby person of the opposite sex.
Run down the street with your underpants on your head.
Dance a striptease on the roadway.
Watch a recently released movie, then go to the cinema, and around the middle of the movie, stand up and tell how it all ends. After that, run.
Meet a girl, invite her to eat ice cream, and at the checkout, take a pack of condoms with the words: "Oh, let's have some fun today."
Ask for pads from passing girls until one of them helps you.
Put on your stockings and go to the store for a beer.
Go to a public toilet and for 15 minutes keep a record of who came there and why.
Draw the player on the right naked.
Unfasten any girl's bra and run away.
You need to go shopping in heels and a tight skirt.
Slap a passing girl on the ass.
Write on your page in social networks that you are gay. The post can be deleted after 24 hours.
Put your underpants on your head, go outside and crow 3 times.
Smear your eyelids with lipstick and walk like that all day.
Shave off one eyebrow.
Jump off the bench and yell 3 times "Doves rule the world!"
Dress up as a girl and meet as many people as possible on the street.
Go outside with a "Free cunnilingus" sign and offer this service to every passing girl for 10 minutes.
Call your housemate from an unknown number and have phone sex.
Call any number and moan sweetly into the phone in a female voice.
Write on the sign: "I collect for a rubber friend" and collect 10 dollars from passers-by.
Go to the women's restroom and complain about the lack of vitamins for 5 minutes.
Watch porn with the player on the left.
Run down the street, turning to passers-by with the question: "I don’t know where my bra is, can you help me find it?"
Go outside, stop the first car you see and ask the driver if you can have sex in his car.
Go to a sex shop and ask if they have an inflatable woman, preferably a blonde with blue eyes.
Go out and shout to the whole street: "I have diarrhea!".
Put on a bra, fill it with something and walk down the street for 15 minutes.
Take a picture with an alcoholic and put on an avatar in the social network.
Buy a box of matches in the store and at the checkout tell the saleswoman: "I'm going to play pranks today."
Go to the neighbors below with a shovel, stripped to the waist and smeared with something, knock on the ceiling and say: "The sewerage broke through there ... is everything all right with you?".
Call the concierge and ask: "Hello, is this phone sex?"
Take out a bowl of water to the entrance, sit down and wash your socks, ask for powder from passers-by residents of the house.
Get bald.
You have to approach the old women on the street and offer to carry them across the road. You are given 20 minutes for the task.
Do epilation of the chest with wax strips. You can ask for help from any girl in the company.
During the day, you need to agree to everything that is offered to you.
Stand up and encourage people to multiply.
Walk out the door and for a minute make the sounds characteristic of passionate sex.
Pull one panties up to the navel, and put the second on your head. Walk like this for an hour.
Go to the beauty salon and grow your eyelashes to the minimum length.
Make it pleasant with the tongue to the girl on the left. How exactly to do it and where - you decide.
Rub your front against the girl opposite.
Put on stockings and go to the store for some gum.
Go to the women's restroom and ask: "Who's the last one?"
Sit on top of the player on the right, snuggle tightly and move up and down, stare into the person's eyes. Continue the action for 3 minutes.
Passionately bite and lick the ear of the girl on the left.
Dance with your buttocks. Pants/skirt must be removed.
Shave your hand.
Run from the ground floor up the entrance and call each apartment.
Play with your chest. Or maybe with someone else =)
You need to spend the night in the park on a bench.
Drink 3 shots in a row.
Go to a women's lingerie store and ask for help choosing underwear for your mom.
Send a photo of your boa to a random number.
Show your nipples to the first person you meet.
Sexually take off one thing.
Erotically lick the finger of the girl who plays with you.
Next time you're urinating out the window.
Describe your latest erotic fantasy.
Show your orgasm.
The player to your right undoes all your buttons and zippers.
Play the next round of the game naked.
Whisper to the girl next to you what you would like to do with her. If she agrees, she should kiss you.
Give your phone to your friends so everyone can read all messages.
Tickle the girl next to you.
Take a shower with the girl next to you.
Sing a song that you want to have sex to.
Show what sex position you want to try.
Blindfold the girl opposite and play with her.
Draw the naked player on the right.
Slap the neighbor opposite on the ass with all your might.
Teach any player of the opposite sex how to French kiss.
Do a lap dance in front of any of the players.
Three-minute kiss with the player of the opposite sex on the right (Player chooses to do this in public or alone).
Let others see the part of your body they ask for.
Demonstrate how you moan during sex.
Test of strength! Every girl can touch your dignity!
Show an intricate sex position with the player on the right.
Do as many squats as you have masturbated this week.
Hug one of the players of the opposite sex (of your choice) and kiss him gently, and then confess your love to him with the most beautiful words.
Show off 3 of your favorite sex positions with another player.
Do a sexy lap dance with a player of the opposite sex.
Undress, leaving only two things on. After that, you need to take a sexy photo. The photographer will be the person sitting to your left.
Ask for the help of the player on the right for this task. You need to work together without the help of your hands to remove the candy wrapper from the candy and eat it.
"Butt to battle". You and the player on the left stand with your back to each other, bare your asses and touch them erotically.
"Frivolity in the ear". Whisper any frivolity into the ear of the player on the right of the opposite sex.
You choose a person who will help with this task. You have to play the scene "Sex on the phone"
Challenge for all participants! Take a piece of ice and pass it around with your lips. Whose piece will melt or fall, those are waiting for a kiss from you!
"Almost Sex". You need a help from another player. You will need to have "almost sex" for exactly 1 minute, that is sex but without any caresses and penetrations. It is allowed: to press, hug, and make forward movements imitating sex. Obligatory: to make groans, to spank the assistant the priest, to speak obscenities.
Show how passionate and excited you are during sex. Everything is interesting: sounds, groans, movements, closed eyes, etc.
Name your two strongest erogenous zones. Show what effect on them and what caresses you love.
Order pizza for everyone.
Write a message "This is my favorite site [insert a link to porn site], I'm always there". Who exactly is chosen by the rest of the players.
Change your Instagram status to "I urgently need a hard fuck"
Dial the number of the 10th person among your contacts and inquire about the location of the G-spot.
Kiss the belly of the player on the right.
Come up with any erotic task for the player opposite.
Tell everyone what actions can bring you to bliss. Let someone try to repeat it.
Make anyone of the opposite sex present desire you.
Write a message "Take me, I'm on fire" to the 20th person from the list of your friends on the social network.
Tell in the ear of any of the members of the opposite sex your sexual fantasies in full detail.
Ask the sex shop for the presence of an angel dildo by calling there.
Tell everyone about your intimate hairstyle.
Stand up and talk loudly about the need to save white tigers for 2 minutes.
Show off your ass to everyone in the audience.
Dial any number and say that you are ready to fulfill any sexual fantasy for a salad.
Find out the entire assortment in a brothel by calling there, you need to communicate for at least 3 minutes.
Give the youngest player a massage to relax him.
Paint your fingernails while holding the brush with your teeth.
Create romance by texting your partner and telling what kind of sexual experiments you will decide to have if he is around.
A spoonful of mustard is already waiting for you. Gotta eat it.
Have a tea party with soft toys and invite the others. Act like a five year old child.
Someone needs to paint your eyebrows with chocolate cream.
Eat a chocolate bar along with pickled cucumber or cabbage.
Show how you move while making love.
Look into the underpants of the player on the left.
A very good way to relieve psychological stress, relax and feel at ease is to scream or squeal a lot. Come on, gather all your lung power and let out a deafening scream for 10 seconds.
Tell everyone how you feel about sex toys. Regardless of attitude, name at least one toy that is acceptable to you and one toy that is unacceptable.
Treat the player on the left with a slice of orange, tangerine or candy, slightly biting it with your lips - the player must accept it.
Let your imagination run wild and make delicious cocktails for the players.
Sing a popular song, but say only the vowels.
Invite five people to a slow dance together. Do it as beautifully and sensually as possible.
Call any IT company and arrange with them to create a website with male escort services.
Call the art studio and tell them you want to pose naked for them.
Call the seamstress and see if she can fix your BDSM suit.
Call an advertising agency and say you're looking for someone to advertise a hemorrhoid cure.
Write your girlfriend any message in which you have to call her by another name. And then write that it was by accident.
Keep your eyes closed until your next turn.
Smile until your next turn.
Wet your socks and then freeze them.
Slick mayonnaise off any player's big toe.
Put gum on the ends of your hair.
Someone has to lick the peanut butter, chocolate sauce, or whipped cream off your finger, cheek, or wherever you choose.
Paint your teeth with lipstick.
Now you answer the truth with whoever chooses it, until it's your turn again.
Pretend that you are delivering oral sex to an invisible person.
The first player of the opposite sex to your left must tuck your shirt (blouse, jacket, sweater, t-shirt) into your underpants. At the same time, you keep your hands up.
Play a prank on the partner of your friend.
Show the least sexy part of your body to the player on the right.
Show the players a lewd pose in underwear.
Give something to a player you like.
Flirt with facial expressions with the girl on the right.
Pour your drink into your shoe.
Play rock, paper, scissors with someone. The loser takes off one piece of clothing.
Every player should now call you affectionate nicknames.
Remember how all players sit. Leave the room or turn away. The players change places. Your task is to return everyone to their places. If you sit incorrectly, you also perform the next task.
Bring goosebumps with touches to the skin of the player to your right.
Take a selfie on the toilet and post it.
Dance like your life depends on it.
Kiss someone's bare foot.
Shave off part of one of your eyebrows.
Pick the nose of the oldest person in your company.
Send a dirty text message to your loved one.
Leave a dirty voicemail to your ex.
Scream. (Record it down and send it to a random person).
Remove one thing from yourself every time you receive a notification on your phone.
Find the oldest profile photo you ever had on Facebook and make it your profile picture again.
Try to walk on your hands as far as possible.
Seduce one of the players of the same gender.
Go to the bathroom, take off your underwear and put it on your head. Wear it on your head until the end of the game.
Choose any player and lick his nose.
Swap clothes with the player of the opposite sex and sit like this for three rounds.
Lick the face of one of the players.
Go to your neighbors and ask for toilet paper. Talk like you're in a big hurry.
Show everyone your search history for the last week.
Fill the bathtub with water and climb into it with the clothes you are wearing right now.
Dance the Macarena in the center of the room.
Get into the elevator and stand facing the corner. Stay like this until 3 people pass with you.
Bite the onion like it's an apple.
Go live on Instagram and sing for your followers.
Have you ever flirted with the sister of a close friend?
What is your biggest fear in everyday life?
Have you ever been to a party without an invitation?
Throw something down the toilet and then take it out.
Determine by touch with your eyes closed what kind of object from the festive table players gave you.
Pretend to be a bunny and jump three times around the Christmas tree.
Sing a Christmas song.
Tell a New Year's verse standing on a chair.
Wish everyone a Happy New Year and wish each player something personal.
Climb under the table and sit there for one round of the game, while smoothing the legs of other players.
Dial any number on the phone and congratulate the person who answered the phone with the New Year.
Perform a dance around the Christmas tree.
Light the sparklers and dance with them until they burn out.
Act like a drunk Santa Claus.
Act like a drunken Snow Maiden.
Say a compliments to all the girls present.
Draw a picture of the symbol of the year, holding a pencil/pen in your mouth.
Peel the tangerine so that the peel comes off in one long strip.
Pretend you're a firework, for the next lap, suddenly make the sound of exploding fireworks.
Imagine that the room is littered with snow and snowdrifts, walk around the room, overcoming obstacles.
Depict the symbol of the outgoing year.
Dance like a snowflake that slowly falls to the ground.
Put New Year's toys on your ears and sit like this for the next round.
Go outside/balcony and yell “Happy New Year“ 3 times.
Come up with a horoscope for the next year for all players.
Take a Christmas selfie and post it on Instagram.
Draw Santa Claus by taping a felt-tip pen to the little finger of your left hand with tape.
Make a snowman out of household items.
Play snowballs with your friends.
Turn on the first part of the movie “Home Alone“ on the TV.
Look closely at the players, close your eyes and call everyone by name from left to right.
Act like a Santa's reindeer, but don't tell the other players. Let them guess.
Cut out a snowflake from paper or tissue paper.
Write a letter to Santa Claus.
Write a list of goals for 2023.
Take a group photo of the players, then print it out and give it to everyone in a frame.
Hug every player.
Walk around the city in a New Year's hat.
Persuade one of the players to buy something from the festive table.
Make a cocktail from all the drinks on the table. Try what you got, and then treat the rest.
Record a parody of the president's New Year's greetings on video and show it to all players.
For half an hour, be a “cuckoo clock” and every 10 minutes announce the remaining time until the New Year.
Tell the players the most unusual wish for the New Year.
Give something warm to someone in need.
Call your parents and thank them for everything they have done for you.
Prepare mulled wine for all players.
Using mustard, ketchup and mayonnaise, draw a picture of Santa on the plate.
Name as many names of Santa Claus as possible in other countries of the world.
Take pictures of the players, placing them in unusual and strange poses.
Eat one of the salads using Chinese chopsticks.
Name 10 songs on the New Year theme.
Wrap yourself in a garland, turn it on and dance for a minute.
Play a nice New Year's song on the pot or basin.
Write a story for Instagram that will add New Year mood to all your followers.
Count the moles on your girl's body by kissing them.
With gentle movements, remove the bra from your girl.
Gently stretch the partner's neck while kissing her.
Give an erotic massage to your partner.
Make your partner start breathing fast.
Without the help of hands, collect candy from the body of a blindfolded partner.
You must caress and gently lick your partner's hand. Show how you can tease.
You should caress, gently nibble and suck on your partner's finger.
Caress your partner's nipples with your fingers, lips and tongue.
Blindfold your partner, take an ice cube in your mouth, drive it over his naked body for 5 minutes.
Turn on your favorite porn movie and watch it with your girlfriend without pestering her.
Get completely naked in front of your partner to erotic music.
Draw on your partner's body with your tongue.
Smear the ice cream on your partner's inner thigh and slowly lick everything off.
Take your partner's earlobe in your lips and gently caress it, biting a little.
Your task is to fantasize openly about who you would like your girlfriend to be in a role-playing game and what you would do with her.
Cover your partner's body with gentle and exciting kisses.
Do a passionate dance with your girlfriend.
Place the girl on a chair, tie her hands, dance in front of her, and tease with the most delicious parts of your body.
The girl blindfolds you and sticks a small sticker on her naked body. Your task is to find the sticker without the help of hands.
You have exactly 3 minutes to have sex in clothes with your girlfriend.
You should smoothly and sensually caress with your palm that part of the body of your girlfriend, which she points to.
You need to repeat your first kiss with your soul mate.
Depict genuine passion for your partner for 1 minute. You can touch yourself and your partner with your hands, breathe hard and moan.
Say five sentences about your girlfriend, which will begin with the words: “I am turned on by your...“.
Give your girlfriend a foot massage.
You become your girlfriend's slave for half an hour.
Give your girlfriend a butt massage.
You need to seduce your girlfriend within 2 minutes.
Passionately kiss your partner, biting her lips, for 2 minutes.
Gently kiss and blow on the partner's neck, going down to the breast.
Whisper in your girlfriend's ear how much you want her.
You freeze for 3 minutes, and your partner can do whatever he wants with you.
Take off your partner's panties without using your hands.
You need to tease the guy in every possible way for 3 minutes without letting him touch you.
Passionately run your tongue from your partner's ankle to your partner's thigh.
Erotically eat strawberries in front of your partner.
Stand behind your girlfriend and gently touch her breasts.
Caress your partner's most sensitive spot through clothes.
Find 3 erogenous zones on your girlfriend's body.
Influence the strongest erogenous zone of your partner.
Passionately threw the soulmate on the bed and actively kiss her.
Do 10 push-ups on the girl, each time lightly biting her neck.
3 times excitingly bite your partner for the ass.
Put on nice panties, get on all fours and wiggle your booty in front of your partner in a sexy way.
Press the girl firmly against the wall, kiss her passionately for 3 minutes, lightly holding her neck.
Get into cat pose and meow 3 times.
The girl holds a half of an orange between her legs. You have to eat it as erotically as possible without the help of hands.
Hold an oblong-shaped balloon between your legs. Turn the girl back to you and stand behind. Perform various movements until it bursts.
Write 25 reasons why you love your girlfriend.
Send a girl a message in which you have to describe in detail one of your vulgar fantasies.
Subdue your partner, tie her hands and make her languish with desire.
Put the girl in an erotic position and ask her to say any phrase in German.
Put a hickey on any part of the girl's body as a keepsake.
Act as a photographer and make your girlfriend an erotic photo shoot. Poses you choose.
You lay down on the bed naked and blindfolded. The girl lightly touches any parts of your body with everything she comes up with. Guess what she caresses you with.
Go into a separate room from the girl and have virtual sex with her.
Take a shower together.
Watch porn together.
Go to the sex shop and choose a new toy for your girlfriend.
Show your favorite pose from the Kamasutra.
Erotically count your partner's heartbeats with your hand on heart.
Unzip your partner's pants.
Give goosebumps to your partner.
Hold the girl's hands and make a path of kisses on her belly.
Show off your kissing skills.
Give your partner a foot massage.
Play with your partner's nipples.
Whisper in the girl's ear what you want to do with her now.
Now you can make any wish, and the partner needs to fulfill it.
Now you can make any wish, and the partner needs to fulfill it.
Write an SMS with the words “I love you“ and send it to five contacts in your phone book.
Hold your hands in your partner's pockets for a minute.
Lick your lips sexually while looking at your partner.
Say 5 phrases that begin with the words "You turn me on..."
Look your partner in the eyes for 2 minutes.
Play “Rock, Paper, Scissors“ and if you win, you get a kiss on the lips.
Touch yourself while sitting opposite your partner.
Say nice words to your soul mate for 30 seconds.
Spank your soul mate for 20 seconds.
Put an apron on your naked body, bring strawberries and cream and feed the girl.
Make your girlfriend start breathing fast.
Dance to the music your partner chooses for you.
Ask any question that interests you to any player.
Now you can ask your partner any question. The answer is required.
You need to repeat your first kiss with your soul mate!
The partner hides some small object on his body. You must find it blindfolded.
Draw on your partner's body with your tongue. You can draw anything.
Bite your partner's nose.
Rid your partner of one piece of clothing with just your mouth.
Dance an oriental dance for a partner.
Praise your partner's legs for 2 minutes.
Next, you have to play completely naked, wrapped in a blanket.
Imagine that you have not seen your girlfriend for a long time, and demonstrate how much you miss her.
Roll something small, like a tennis ball, through both legs of the girl.
Write on the girl's neck her name with your tongue. Don't say what you write, she has to guess for herself.
Change your clothes.
Silently flirt using only lip movements.
Then you have to sit in an embrace until someone chooses the next action.
Tickle your girlfriend.
Stick an ice cube in your pants and sit until it melts.
Do whatever you want.
Take off one piece of clothing.
Paint each other's eyebrows with chocolate cream.
Sing a duet of any song you know.
Try peeling the banana with your toes.
Long, passionately and boldly kiss your partner, leave him a hickey as a keepsake.
You two need to spend the rest of the evening without underwear, even if you are out of the house.
Feed your partner from your hands.
Tell each other frank and vulgar compliments.
"Dirty dance" Dance for 5 minutes with your partner in a very dirty and depraved way, openly touching each other during the dance. Choose the music of your choice.
The partner lies on his stomach, you begin to caress, kiss and massage the ass, massage oil can help you with this.
Play a few games of strip cards.
Turn on the vibration signal on your phone, put it on your partner's stomach and call.
Choose a part of the body that is not considered an erogenous zone and kiss it until it starts to be considered.
Write your name on your partner's body with your finger. You choose the part of the body for the inscription yourself.
Do you know how Eskimoses kiss? You have the opportunity to try. Get up, come to each other. Hands at the seams. Then you slowly touch your partner's nose with your nose and move it to the right - to the left.
Massage your partner's feet. Many people love to have their feet massaged. First, rub heels, then start with fingers - they are very sensitive, especially the little finger.
Stand side by side with your back to each other. Tilt your body forward and touch each other with your buttocks. And move them from side to side.
You need to repeat your first kiss! Remember it, remember that excitement and do the same!
Slowly lick the yogurt off your partner's naked body, moaning in pleasure. For the shy - it is not necessary to undress completely!
Dance a striptease without undressing.
For the next 10 minutes you play blindfolded.
Come up with a sexy name for your partner.
Give a relaxing massage to your loved one.
Change your Facebook status to "I'm so horny..."
Take a picture of your “O“ face. You must use it as your lock screen within 48 hours.
Sing your favorite lovemaking song.
Set a timer and do as many sex positions as you can in 10 minutes without taking off your clothes. It will be fun.
Have your partner lay his head on your lap while you give him a sensual head massage.
Whisper your dirty wishes into your partner's ear.
Give your partner goosebumps without kissing on the lips.
Create a playlist for making love.
Unwrap the candy in your mouth and pass it to your partner.
Imitate your partner and do what you think is cute.
Show your partner what a passionate kiss is.
Send your partner a dirty photo from another room.
Describe your version of the perfect date night.
Send her a voice message with whatever you want to do with her tonight.
Take any book or magazine in the room and read it as enticingly as you can.
Knock on someone's door and run away before the door is opened for you.
Run down the hallway in your underwear.
Take a mouthful of water and sit like that until the end of the round.
Go to Facebook and change your relationship status every 15 minutes.
Find something sweet, swipe your lips and kiss your partner passionately.
Draw your partner nude.
Caress your girlfriend all over her body for 10 minutes.
Have oral sex with your girlfriend, and bring her to the "finish".
Bring the girl to orgasm with your fingers.
Go for a walk with your girlfriend without panties.
Blindfold your girlfriend and try any sex toy.
Take a shower with your girlfriend, and direct the shower jet to her most sensitive places.
Passionately caress, kiss and nibble your girlfriend's breasts for 5 minutes.
Play with the girl's clit until you hear the moans of pleasure.
Take a bath with your girlfriend. Sit down and spread your legs so that your partner can sit between them. Give her an erotic breast massage. You can use shower gel.
Run your dick on the girl's inner thigh for 3 minutes.
Order a toy in a sex shop and test it with your partner.
Massage the girl's anal area without penetrating your finger inside.
Gently run your hand down the partner's abdomen, lower your hand, and caress her. Continue petting for 7 minutes.
Caress your partner with your tongue, penetrating deep inside.
Call the girl from the next room and have hot phone sex. Leaving the room until the end of the conversation is prohibited.
Give the partner a massage of the intimate area using oil.
Slowly insert one finger into the girl's vagina while turning your hand. Continue the action for 2 minutes.
Put the girl on her stomach, stroke, spank, bite her delicious ass. A slight tickling with a feather is possible.
Undress and gently hug your partner. Move back and forth without penetration. Stare into the girl's eyes and push her to the limit.
Put the girl on her stomach, and ask simple questions. For the correct answer, gently stroke her ass, if the answer is wrong - make a small slap with a whip. Instead of a whip, you can also use your hand.
Gently touch your partner. Take it to the limit. But the partner has no right to touch you.
You should caress the clitoris of your partner with the fingers of one hand, and caress the anal area with the other hand. Try to keep the movements synchronized. Penetrating movements are allowed if the girl wishes.
Place your partner in front of you and tilt her forward, kneel behind her and caress her with your lips and tongue.
Place a hickey on your partner's breasts.
Blindfold the girl's eyes, caress her body with your hands and tongue, add vivid sensations. You can use wax.
Choose one of your girl's erogenous zones and tease her with caresses for 5 minutes.
Choose one of your favorite porn scenes and perform it with your girlfriend. Penetration is prohibited.
Blindfold the girl's eyes, take a brush and paints, with smooth movements draw everything that your imagination conceals on the naked body of your partner. Then you can go to the shower together.
Arrange "dirty dancing" with your girlfriend, tightly clinging to her with your whole body and passionately clinging to her lips.
Caress your partner with your fingers while you go up the elevator. The partner should not know about the task.
Create a romantic atmosphere, blindfold the girl and stroke all over her body, take wine in the mouth, treat her and slowly pour the wine along her body. Gently lick each drop until you reach the sweet spot.
Take a piece of ice in your mouth, play with the girl's breasts without taking it out. You can experiment with other sensitive areas as well.
Wake up the girl with oral caresses. Don't forget to use your fingers.
Go to the sex shop with your girlfriend and buy a toy or role play costume of her choice.
Imagine that you came for an erotic massage, after the massage it turned out that you left the money at home, but you were not at a loss and offered the girl to pay differently. You choose the method of payment yourself, the main condition is to give the girl maximum pleasure.
Caress the girl with your fingers on the Ferris wheel or in any other public place.
Sit with the girl in the back seats of the bus. You must excite her as much as possible, but in such a way that other passengers do not notice it.
Make your partner anilingus.
Find your girlfriend's G-spot and caress her for 3 minutes.
Fulfill any sexual desire of your partner.
You came to the recruiting office, where you were met by a young and pretty girl doctor (your girlfriend), try to somehow convince her that you are not fit for service.
Please the girl with oral caresses in the most unusual place in the city.
Put the girl on her stomach, and kneel over her a little below the buttocks. At the same time, caress her with your hand and kiss her back, do it slowly and gently.
Run the tip of your nose along your partner's spine. Do this very slowly, so that he can feel your breath.
Blindfold the girl's eyes, take her hand in yours, and guide her through your most intimate places. Movements should be gentle and sensual.
With one hand, tightly press the girl to you, run the other into her hair from behind, squeeze it a little and pull it back. Passionately kiss your partner, and caress her intimate places.
You are a policeman who detained a criminal (your partner). Search her thoroughly, even in the spiciest places.
Gently kiss the girl on the ear, lightly bite on the neck, play with the nipples, falling lower and lower. When you reach the sweet spot, write any two words with the tip of your tongue and see if your partner can guess them or if her thoughts are not about that at all...
Turn the girl, caress her neck with kisses, play with her breasts, snuggling tightly and rubbing against her buttocks. Penetration is prohibited.
Within 5 minutes, gently kiss, bite and caress the partner's neck.
Lightly scratch your partner's back for 5 minutes.
Turn off the lights and light a candle, use wax to maximize your partner's excitement.
Show your partner the least favorite photo from your childhood.
Post a photo together on Instagram.
Let her do whatever she wants with you for 10 minutes.
Show your partner all your desire.
Excite your partner using only words.
Today you only obey. And no "buts"
Ask the girl for a bra and try it on.
Give your phone so that your partner can read your messages.
Write a letter to the person you hate and send it.
Surprise your partner with a lap dance.
Give your partner a foot massage.
Kiss all the perfect parts of the partner's body.
Arrange a joint erotic photo shoot.
Talk about sexual topics.
Give your partner a buttocks massage.
Tell your partner an erotic story about your desires, and then fulfill them.
You can make any wish to your partner.
You act as "master" for 30 minutes.
Gently move your fingertips all over your partner's body.
Take 3 nude photos.
Close your eyes and relax, and the girl will gently touch your lips with hers.
Dress up as a plumber and dance an erotic dance in front of your girlfriend.
You are a police officer and you have caught a criminal who needs to be examined. You can look and touch anywhere you want.
Stroke your partner on the head, kissing the neck and earlobe in parallel.
Lie naked motionless for 5 minutes. You can be touched anywhere and anytime.
Count all the moles on your partner's body.
Gently explore your partner's sensitive areas.
Kiss the girl in the place she says.
Cover with kisses the body of your partner from the lips to the lower abdomen.
You need to strip your partner to underwear, using only your mouth. And then passionately kiss and bite on the neck.
Slowly lick the yogurt/cream off your partner's naked body while moaning in pleasure.
Caress your partner with a feather/flower petal for two minutes. The partner cannot resist and must give access to any place.
Caress the girl's hand.
You have to act as a model. The partner will be the photographer. Photos should be defiant, frank, but elegant, do not forget about it.
Show genuine passion for your partner. You can touch yourself and your partner with your hands, scream, breathe, etc. Duration - 1 minute.
Say the place on the body where you would like to feel the touch. Expose this place, make yourself comfortable. The second participant should slowly and gently caress you there with his palm. Touches should be smooth, but at the same time, passionate and sensual.
Show your partner your skills in erotic dances.
Together, unwrap and eat the candy with your mouth only.
Compose an advertising slogan for a sex shop "Naughty"
In the style of Sherlock Holmes, tell a detective story about how your partner managed to steal your heart.
Kiss your partner in five different ways.
Dance the dance of the little ducklings, remaining only in your underwear.
Show what a gopher looks like during an orgasm.
Let your partner rip something on you.
Show how to massage properly.
Use your lips and teeth to unzip your partner's pants.
Erotically count your partner's heartbeats with your hand on his chest.
Try to remove one piece of clothing from your partner with just your feet.
Depict the situation as if you are calling sex on the phone. Arrange an erotic conversation for 10 minutes.
Read erotic prose to your partner.
Make an erotic compliment to your soulmate.
For five minutes, your partner becomes your slave. A partner cannot deny you your desires. Disobedience punished by a slap on the bare bottom.
You are acting as a doctor. Let your partner undress and prepare for the examination.
You have to wake up your girlfriend in a special way this morning.
The partner lies on his stomach, and you caress him for 5 minutes and look for erogenous zones.
Blindfold your partner, for 5 minutes her body belongs to you, you can do whatever you want.
Move to the shower. You don't have light. You need to wash each other in the dark. Any touch is allowed.
Hold the girl's hand and tell how you like to caress her. Tell in detail what you do with your hands, mouth and tongue.
Your partner won a subscription to 5 oral sex anytime and anywhere, you have no right to refuse.
Stock up on paint brushes of different sizes and lightly tickle each other with them. Run them along the inside of your arms, under your knees, along the tops of your feet, and over your most sensitive areas. The touch of the bristles excites the nerve endings and sends signals to the brain that you need even more tactile sensations.
Your task is to tell about all your preferences in sex.
Tickle your partner with a feather. During the foreplay, run a feather over your partner's body, it gives incredible pleasure.
Tie up the girl. Use light silk scarves or stockings to tie your partner's arms and legs with them, or even tie her to a bed (chair). Now you can give your partner pleasure.
Give each other a pleasant relaxing massage of the whole body or just the feet. At the same time, you can massage each other at the same time.
Arrange a joint viewing of an erotic film.
Invite your partner to paint a picture, and let your body be the canvas. You can use paints for body art, or you can draw with chocolate, cream or jam.
Read erotic stories to each other, and then proceed to implement what you have read.
Play the sex lottery. Write your desires and fantasies on pieces of paper, and then put them in the box. Take turns and do what is written. Remember, desires can be the most frank and they must be fulfilled.
Offer the girl to arrange an erotic photo session. Let her be the photographer and you be the model. Or vice versa. The main thing is that you have fun.
Shave all intimate areas. A couple of weeks of funny sensations guaranteed.
Do a slow dance on A4 sheet. You can not protrude beyond the leaf.
Stand behind the girl and gently touch her breasts.
Slowly and erotically stroke yourself between your legs. Do it so that the partner sees and also enjoys contemplation.
Write your partner's name on his naked body with your tongue.
Let the partner hide some object on his body (for example, a piece of a sheet). And you find it with your eyes closed.
Touch your partner's lips with your lips and whisper affectionate things, you can also tell a romantic poem.
Kiss her lips with your tongue. With a light touch of the tongue on the upper or lower lip, enjoy the touch. Show in this kiss all your tenderness towards your partner.
Your right hand is a man. Your left is a woman. Show with your hands how they make love. Maybe you can invent some new pose with your hands.
Put your partner on the bed and actively kiss. If you like dirty kissing, then do just that.
Blindfold your partner and use different types of brushes to touch your partner. Also use the brush to stimulate your partner's erogenous zones.
Write whatever dirty words you want on your partner's body.
Send your nude photo to a random number.
You make any wish, and the partner has no right to refuse.
Pour some jam on your partner's body and lick it off.
Pour some drink into your partner's navel and drink it.
Put your hand in your partner's panties. Sit like this for a minute, continuing the game.
Excite your partner using only your tongue.
Think of a love poem.
Act as a character from your partner's fantasy.
Let your partner remove any item of clothing from you.
Without touching with your hands, bite the girl's neck until she can't take it anymore.
Kiss your partner on the face, neck, and even ears, but don't touch the lips.
Share your fantasy in which your girlfriend is the main character.
Using your hands, find all the erogenous zones on your partner's body.
Describe your ideal role play scenario to your partner.
Eat any fruit in the sexiest way possible.
Blindfold your partner and then touch him with a random object until he guesses what it is.
Try not to get turned on while your partner sits on your lap and kisses your earlobe for 60 seconds.
Take the most strange photo and put it on your profile picture for one day.
Tell everyone on Instagram that you are now in a relationship.
Feed your partner almonds using only your mouth.
You need to say: "I'm just a stupid boy" and gently pat your face 20 times.
Call your mom or dad and tell them you're engaged.
You're misbehaving. In the next round, you sit on your partner's lap.
Try to raise your partner's pulse with erotic dances.
Drag your partner to the toilet for the adult round of seven minutes in heaven. Kisses should be above the waist.
Using only your fingers, find a way to give your partner goosebumps.
Write a short and passionate message on your partner's body with your tongue.
Choose a place on your partner's body that is not usually considered sexy - elbows, knees, ankles - and sprinkle him with kisses until he is completely aroused.
Have sex with the girl on the balcony and forbid her to make any sounds.
Record a home video. And then watch it together.
Have sex with BDSM elements. Show yourself in a new way.
Drive the head of the excited member along the partner's labia, gradually bringing the movements closer to the clitoris. You can massage it too. When the girl is at the limit, slowly enter her.
Turn on your favorite erotic movie and repeat every action with your partner.
Have sex in front of a mirror. Start with oral sex.
Whisper in your partner's ear what you would do to her now. If she agrees, turn your thoughts into reality.
Please your partner with oral caresses on the Ferris wheel or on the cable car.
Offer the girl double penetration. With her consent, use the "rubber friend".
Have sex with your partner on the roof of a high-rise building at night. Emotions are guaranteed.
Have passionate sex with your partner in the elevator.
Have slow and sensual sex with your partner in nature or on the shore of a pond.
Have sex with your partner in the car at the most unexpected moment.
Give each other pleasure in pose 69.
Join your partner in a shower and prove that taking a shower with you is much more pleasant.
Fulfill any sexual desire of your partner.
Bring the girl to exhaustion with caresses, then sharply take her from behind, twisting her hair into a fist and slapping her ass.
Excite the girl, put her on her back, lift and cover her hips with your hands, pull her closer to you. You know what to do next.
Imagine that you are a sex maniac who finally managed to catch the victim (your girlfriend) and drag her into the apartment. Show how lucky she is to be in your arms.
Your secretary (girlfriend) did not prepare a report for an important meeting, which caused you serious problems. Call her to your place and punish her properly.
You are a student on the verge of expulsion, you came to retake, but a strict teacher (your girlfriend) does not want to give a positive grade. Perhaps you should try to find a different approach to the teacher, using the tongue, hands and other parts of the body?
Offer the girl to have anal sex. With her consent, carefully prepare her and excite her to the limit.
Have sex with a girl while standing, passionately pressing her against the wall, caressing her breast and kissing her neck.
Lean the girl against the wall, wrap your arms around her upper thighs and hold her against your waist. In a standing position, perform erotic movements.
Have sex with your partner in your favorite place.
Have sex with your partner only in your favorite positions.
Ask the girl to stand with her back to you and lean on her hands. Lift her legs, and put them on your hips. She should be in the wheelbarrow position. And slowly penetrate her.
Get face to face with the girl. Raise her leg as high as possible, and hold it so that it is comfortable for you to continue.
Turn on a warm shower, and ask the girl to stand under it facing the wall, leaning a little on it. Stand behind and penetrate your partner, holding her hips with your hands or caressing her breasts and whole body. Water should flow down the girl's back into the area of direct contact.
You are a robber who in one of the houses came across a young beautiful girl (your girlfriend) who tried to resist. You tied her hands, but could not resist and took advantage of her defenselessness, especially since the girl was not against it at all.
Build a mountain of pillows. Ask the girl to kneel down and lean her body against the pillows. Do the same, only behind the girl. Spread your knees wider, feel the contact of your bodies. While moving, whisper something pleasant in your partner's ear.
Ask the girl to get on all fours and stretch her arms forward so that her breasts are as close to the bed as possible. Kneel behind and penetrate the partner. Change the angles of penetration.
The girl should lie on her back and press her knees to her breast. Sit on your knees in front of her, resting your forearms on her legs. The closer the girl's knees to the chin, the more intense the stimulation of the G-spot occurs.
Do you have favorite sex toys? If yes, then it's time to use them and make sex more interesting and unforgettable.
Choose any position in which it is easy to adjust the accuracy of the movement of the pelvis. In this position, try to penetrate your partner from different angles, in circular motions, etc. The result will not be long in coming.
Tie your partner's hands and apply several positions of your choice, alternating them with oral sex.
Suggest the girl to lie on her side and curl up. Lie down behind her in the same position. Movements should be smooth and gentle, kiss your partner on the neck and back, caress her breasts. It will bring a lot of pleasure.
Ask the girl to lie on her stomach, transferring her weight to her forearms and putting one leg to her side. Lie down on top, leaning on your hands, and penetrate her from behind.
Your girlfriend and you kneel, and you press your bodies against each other. Ask your partner to spread her legs a little so that you can put your legs between them and penetrate her. Movement is carried out by straightening the knees. During such sex, there is a great opportunity to hug and kiss each other.
Invite the girl to lie down on the table so that the buttocks are near the edge, let her raise her legs and cross them. Stand in front of her and wrap your arms around her legs. During the main process, you can spread and cross your partner's legs, watching her playful caresses.
Invite the girl to lie on her back with her legs stretched out and holding on to the headboard. After penetration, she should move her legs, and you, lying on top, on the contrary, need to push yours apart. This position allows you to stimulate the clitoris.
Invite the girl to lie on her back and wrap her arms around her ankles. Her knees should be in contact with her upper body. Get on your knees in front of your partner, support her legs from below and penetrate with slow and smooth movements.
Sit on the floor with your legs crossed. Invite the girl to sit on top and then lean back, and stretch her legs forward, tightly wrapping them around your waist. The rhythm of movements can be set together.
Lie down on your back. Ask the girl to sit on top of you so that you can see her back. She moves up and down, and you help her by lifting your pelvis a few centimeters from the bed.
Sit with the girl facing each other, bending your knees. Tightly moving closer to the partner, penetrate her. After that, both of you should lean back, lean on your hands and move rhythmically.
Invite the girl to kneel on a stable chair and grab the back with her hands, spreading her legs wide. Penetrate her from behind, grabbing  around the waist.
Please your partner with your hand.
Play with your partner's nipples with your tongue.
Caress your partner in two places at once (hand and tongue).
Draw your partner a line with your tongue from the wrist to the ear.
Get in the shower with your partner and rub her thoroughly with a washcloth. Anywhere.
Excite your partner with kisses in 30 seconds.
Repeat your partner's favorite move in bed.
Touch your partner the way you want to feel the touch on your body.
Imagine that your partner is a stranger in a bar. Get to know her and convince her to go with you.
Choose a part of the body that is not considered an erogenous zone and kiss until this part of the body begins to be considered as it.
Fulfill your sexual fantasy right now.
Bring your partner to orgasm in the most unusual way.
Tie the girl to the bed and satisfy her with your tongue while caressing her nipples.
During sex, tie your partner's hands and feet behind the back.
Turn on your favorite erotic movie and repeat all the actions with your partner.
Repeat the 11th posture of the Kama Sutra.
Play "Rock, paper, scissors" and if you win, you can demand oral sex.
Use something nearby as a sex toy.
Pull down your partner's panties. Caress the cherished place.
Let your partner please you with the tongue.
Kiss your partner passionately, occasionally biting your lips.
Make a sexual massage of the intimate zone to your partner.
Within an hour, bring your partner to orgasms by all possible means.
Dance an erotic dance for your partner. Have your partner take off your clothes while dancing.
Play "Do you dare?". Tell each other your sexual desires. No one has the right to refuse to do so.
Repeat any three poses from the Kamasutra.
Arrange a sexual marathon. All night without sleep.
Walk around the house naked all evening.
Stimulate two of your partner's erogenous zones at the same time using your hand and mouth.
Give your partner an intimate haircut.
"Soap massage". Step into the shower and have a soapy massage.
You certainly have a favorite porn movie and favorite scenes from it. Today you have a great opportunity to bring your favorite scene from this movie to life. Your partner will help you with this.
Come up with a new sex position and try it out.
Go to the shower, lather each other, while gently caressing each other.
Your partner lies on the stomach blindfolded and you have to arouse her without using your hands.
Get goosebumps on your partner's body by any means.
Act out the skit "Doctor and Patient".
Act out some erotic scene from any famous movie.
Act out the "Hooker and the Client" skit.
Act out with a partner the skit "Sex maniac and victim".
Act out the skit "Masseur and client".
Take off your clothes and lie on your stomach. Your partner should give you an exciting massage.
Undress, the partner should sit on your knees facing you, pressing her whole body. Do not move in this position for 2 minutes.
Arrange an erotic photo session for your partner.
Punish your partner with slaps on the buttocks.
You're doing a sexy pole dance. The partner serves as a pylon. Strip down to your underwear while undressing your pylon.
You give an erotic massage to your partner using your naked body and massage oil.
Begin in the 69 pose and stay in it for at least 5 minutes. Warm up each other.
Sit on the couch with your partner standing in front of you. Hold your partner by the buttocks and caress the erogenous zones.
You act as a priest, and your partner repents of his sins. You can forgive him sins or punish him depravedly.
You end today's game with oral sex in the kitchen.
Press your ear to your partner's breast, listen to her heartbeat, try to measure the pulse. At the same time, caress your partner with your hand.
You have the opportunity to mock. Slowly enter the girl and don't make any movements, let her beg you to continue.
Try to turn your body into a sexy dinner. Generously smear your body with chocolate cream or strawberry jam where you will be pleased with the touch of the tongue.
Mint kisses. Warm mint tea will help you. When your partner starts kissing you “there”, taking a few sips, you will feel a pleasant heat. At the same time, the menthol will cool the skin.
Caress your partner with your hands, rub your bodies against each other and kiss! Let every kiss be special. It can be gliding, gentle and unhurried or passionate, long and deep.
Move the ice cube around your partner's nipples, solar plexus area, and inner thighs. Draw ice patterns on the back and stomach.
Book a room for the night and indulge in pleasure imagining that you are newlyweds or dating secretly.
Perhaps there are places in your house where you have not yet tried to have sex? Or do you dream of making love in nature? Then do not put off your dream for a long time, make it a reality as soon as possible.
Masturbate in front of your partner. Believe us, watching a partner who gives pleasure to himself is extremely exciting.
Make love in front of a mirror. Sex in front of a mirror excites many women and men. If you do not have a mirror in the bedroom, then you can move to another room.
A pillow, a bathtub, a table - everything can be used for sexual experiments. Any thing in the house can be tested for its suitability for sex. Give free rein to your imagination.
Arrange a sex marathon. Which one of you will last longer?
Figure out what quickly brings you to orgasm.
On the beach, in a clearing in the mountains or in the middle of the desert. Try at least once to have sex in nature.
Silent sex can be just as hot as one in which you say all sorts of dirty words. It is not so easy to keep your moans and sounds. Try it!
Role play by reversing your usual roles in life.
Have sex in a taxi. At the very least, see how far you can go before the driver drops you off or gives you good advice.
How many times have you read about how great it is to have sex on a washing machine? So why not try it?
Try tantric slow sex.
Let one of you pretend to be asleep, and the other one will try to erotically wake you up.
Have sex in someone else's bed.
Fulfill your sexual fantasy right now.
Get on your knees and put your ass up. The partner can spank you with his hand or, for example, with a belt or a ruler.
Put on some slow music. If not possible, follow the rhythms of your own body. Hold tightly to each other, moving in the dance.
The ears are one of the most erotically sensitive places. Take your partner's earlobe in your lips and caress it gently.
Take a feather or something like that. Caress your partner with it for two minutes. The partner cannot resist and must give access to any places.
You are lucky enough to learn one intimate detail about your partner. You can ask any question on a sexual topic. The answer must be direct and frank.
Imagine that your index and middle fingers are the legs of a gnome. Take a walk with this gnome on the partner's body. You can walk anywhere.
Where do you want to be touched? Your wish is fulfilled by your partner.
Where do you want to touch your partner? Your wish is fulfilled by your partner.
Passionately and rudely undress your partner, then undress yourself. Now give your partner a good spanking. Choose any parts of her body for this.
"Snapshot for memory". Find and choose an erotic and nude photo on the Internet, let your partner repeat this pose and image exactly. Take a photo.
Stand in front of a mirror and start masturbating for one minute, during the whole process do not stop looking at your reflection.
"Actor and Director". You pass the casting and are ready for anything, just to get the main role in a porn movie. Your partner is a strict director who is not ready to just give you a role. She turns on her phone's camera. Your task is to demonstrate all your strengths to the camera and prove that this role is yours.
"Clothespins". Attach them to your partner's nipples and thighs and caress your partner for three minutes. Let the partner enjoy the new sensations.
"Doll". Within 3 minutes, the partner can do anything with you, and you have no right to react. Any sound or any of your activity earns you a punishment that your partner comes up with.
"Full readiness". From now on, throughout the evening, you need to keep yourself and your body ready for immediate sexual contact. Your partner has the right to request contact at any time.
"Interrogation". Undress your partner, blindfold and tie your partner's hands and interrogate him with all your predilections. You lead the process and decide when to finish it.
Play with your partner's nipples for a minute.
Dance on your partner's lap while stripping naked.
Masturbate each other for 2 minutes.
Caress yourself while gazing at your partner.
You kneel in front of your partner and slowly take off her underwear. This is accompanied by gentle kisses and caresses. Having sharply turned and tilted the girl a little, you must quickly go through all her intimate places with your tongue. Panties can be returned to the place.
Take off one peace of clothing every time you get a notification on your phone.
Take an ice cube and apply it to the most sensitive areas on your partner's body.
Bring your partner's fantasy to life.
Go to another room, take a dirty selfie and send it to your partner.
Close your eyes and lick the body part your partner brings to your face. No hands!
Make a mini video of you as a keepsake.
Play with hot wax.
Recreate an erotic scene from your favorite movie.
Show your partner the sex toy you want to try.
Imagine there is a stranger in front of you whom you met in a club. Now try to convince her to come home with you.
Show the movements that your partner makes during sex that you really like.
The partner must lick your lips, and you must resist kissing or touching all the time.
Do your best to bring your partner to orgasm in the next 5 minutes.
Put on a blindfold, stick out your tongue and try to guess what exactly your partner is touching it.
Teach your partner your best sexual techniques.
Drink a shot from your partner's navel.
Order a sex toy online.
Role-play a sexy character of your partner's choice.
Have fun in front of a mirror.
Melt some ice cubes in your pants.
Show off your best oral sex moves on any suitable object.
Lead a detailed charismatic cooking demonstration “How to make corn flakes“. You have to do it naked.
Kiss your partner the way you did before you had sex.
Send a sex inviation to one of your friends.
Tell one of your friends you love them.
Allow someone to send a message on any one of your accounts.
